2. Consider that you are working on an Al-based Football video game project. Some features of the game are as follows:

There are four types of players in this football game - Striker, Defender, Mid-Fielder, and Goal-Keeper. Each type of player is identified through their unique capability.
A team consists of 11 players.

In a particular moment of a running game, the gamer takes control of a player. Then based on the game scenario, other players are assisted by AI to help the gamer.
For example, when a gamer is trying to execute an attack against the opponent team,the strikers are notified to sync with him/her so that he/she can easily switch 
the controlling player to pick the most suitable one. Similarly, during an opponent's attack, the defenders and goalkeeper from the same team are notified.
During a game, the gamer can assign different roles to the players. For example, he/she can assign the same player as a striker and midfielder. 
Similarly, the same player can have the responsibility of a striker and defender. But only, the goalkeeper can have up to one role.
In your work, you need to implement the features as the requirements given.

(a) Design and draw a diagram to implement the components of the game. Note that you have to choose a minimal set of attributes and methods in this regard 
with an explanation of your underlying rationale.

(b) Design a module based on the suitability of design patterns as per your opinion to implement the scenaric when some players have multiple roles.
    Note that you have to choose a minimal set of relevant attributes and methods in this regard with an explanation of your underlying rationale. 
    Additionally, you need to handle the exception if the gamer tries to give an additional role to the goalkeeper (e.g., Goalkeeper has been asked to be a striker).

(c) Suppose, the game has a player creation feature to create custom players. The player can be created from the 4 types mentioned above based on/  customizing the following features Kick Strength, Dribbling Power, Stamina, Goal Save Capability,
 Design a module following the idea of design patterns to create custom players. Draw the class diagram, underlying rationale, and a minimal set of relevant attributes and functions.


 
 